Let's also look into the next technology which is Jenkins.
I am going to list this official website of Jenkins for you,
and make it available for you under the video.
Let's look at why Jenkins happens to be the most popular CICD tool.
So Jenkins happens to be an extremely popular tool for CICD,
and that is because of the fact that a lot of companies use Jenkins.
It also has a lot of tutorials and a lot of help available online.
Apart from that, it has a lot of plugins available that make it extremely
configurable with different types of pipeline that you're
trying to create by using different technologies.
So for example, for the sake of this lesson,
if I am trying to build a pipeline using Docker, Maven,
and AWS, you could have a node application with Kubernetes or other technologies,
and you'll be able to deploy it in Azure.
Jenkins plays very well with any combination that you choose.